fix: vs -> vs. (#23358)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/using_promises/index.md

console.log(1); // 1, 2, 3, 4
```

> ### Task queues vs. microtasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Comparing task queues and microtasks
```

event-loop cycle: Promise (fulfilled) Promise {<fulfilled>}
```

> For more details, refer to [Tasks vs. microtasks](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_DOM_API/Microtask_guide/In_depth#tasks_vs_microtasks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to differences between [tasks and microtasks](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_DOM_API/Microtask_guide/In_depth#Comparing_task_queues_and_microtasks).
```
